k-snipes always lose to r-snipes or s-snipes with the default 
settings, but sometimes they win for a while.  Is there a way
to reliably make k-snipes win, at least for a time?

I tried changing the cost of poisonous mushrooms and the ease of
detecting mushrooms for k-snipes, but it's not clear that those made a
significant difference.

--

NOTE: The seed -507802662 makes k-snipes win against r-snipes for a
long time (until tick 836, after which there is some fluctuation around
50-50 for several ticks) with the default settings (in git commit
f9cbafd for example).  Note that the pop size stays low during this
entire time.  It remains near the initial value of 100.  At the point
that r-snipes first break 50%, the pop size is 119, and at the point
when r-snipes remain consistently above 50% and get higher and higher
above it, the pop size is also going up.  (So maybe it's not a
difference in the success of k-snipes, but the r-snipes have bad luck?)

Here is another seed that let's k-snipes win for a long time:
-506286956 (until about 400 or 500).

It looks like one thing that's different about the cases in which
k-snipes do better may be that the mushrooms are more clustered, so
that there are big spaces between them, and r-snipes can wander for a
long time without eating.  Note that an r-snipe that's in the better
state for its environment is guaranteed to do the right thing with
each mushroom it encounters.

--

Yes!  If you reduce MushProb from it's default 0.2, to 0.1, k-snipes
usually win or keep swapping places with r-snipes for a long time.
Eventually r-snipes take off.  (This should really be checked by
collecting statistics across runs.)

A few tests with MushProb reduced to 0.05 and 0.4 are consistent with
this pattern.

(But try this seed with MushProb=0.4: -507802639.)
